1)AsNotracking

In Entity Framework Core, the AsNoTracking method is used 
when querying data that will only be read and not updated. 
Normally, EF Core tracks all retrieved entities to detect 
changes and update them later. This tracking consumes memory 
and processing power. By using AsNoTracking, you improve 
performance and reduce overhead, especially when displaying 
large read-only lists of data.
====================================================================
2)AutoMapper

AutoMapper is a library in .NET that helps automatically map 
data between objects. For example, it can copy values from a 
Domain Model to a ViewModel without writing repetitive code. 
This makes code cleaner, reduces human error, and speeds up 
development. It is especially useful in MVC projects, where 
you separate database models from presentation models.
====================================================================
3)Relative Path URL

A relative path URL is a web address that defines the location 
of a resource in relation to the current pageâ€™s location. 
Unlike absolute URLs, which include the full domain name, 
relative paths are shorter and flexible. For example, 
"../images/photo.png" refers to a file relative to the current 
folder. They make projects easier to maintain and portable 
across environments.
====================================================================